README.rst, before:

Introduction
============

Do you have smaller Python projects that only need a README file
for documentation? Want to host your README on `Read The Docs`_?

sphinx-me is a `BSD licensed`_ tool that will create a `Sphinx`_
documentation shell for your project and include the README file
as the index file. It handles extracting the require meta data
such as the project name, author and version from your project for
use in your Sphinx docs.

Once you use sphinx-me to build your Sphinx docs, you can then
add your project to the Read The Docs site and have your project's
README hosted with an attractive Sphinx documentation theme.

Installation
============

The easiest way to install sphinx-me is directly from `PyPI`_ using
`pip`_ or `setuptools`_ by running the respective command below::

    $ pip install -U sphinx-me

or::

    $ easy_install -U sphinx-me

Otherwise you can download sphinx-me and install it directly
from source::

    $ python setup.py install

Running
=======

sphinx-me will be installed as a system-wide script that can be run from
the command line while in your project's root directory::

    $ sphinx-me

When run in your project's directory, it will create a ``docs`` directory
with two files, the Sphinx ``conf.py`` module, and an index.rst file
which will include your project's README.

The ``conf.py`` module calls a setup function from sphinx-me that sets up
the minimum required settings for your Sphinx docs.

  * ``project`` - the directory name of your project is used.
  * ``version`` - retrieved from the ``version`` arg of your ``setup.py`` script, or your package's ``__version__`` attribute.
  * ``copyright`` - retrieved from the ``author`` arg of your ``setup.py`` script, or your package's ``__author__`` attribute.

.. _`Read The Docs`: http://readthedocs.org/
.. _`BSD licensed`: http://www.linfo.org/bsdlicense.html
.. _`Sphinx`: http://sphinx.pocoo.org/
.. _`PyPI`: http://pypi.python.org/
.. _`pip`: http://www.pip-installer.org/
.. _`setuptools`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools

Commit message:

Added a note to README about RST format for README files.

README.rst, after:

Introduction
============

Do you have smaller Python projects that only need a README file
for documentation? Want to host your README on `Read The Docs`_?

sphinx-me is a `BSD licensed`_ tool that will create a `Sphinx`_
documentation shell for your project and include the README file
as the index file. It handles extracting the required meta data
such as the project name, author and version from your project for
use in your Sphinx docs.

Once you use sphinx-me to build your Sphinx docs, you can then
add your project to the Read The Docs site and have your project's
README hosted with an attractive Sphinx documentation theme.

.. note::

    Your README file should be in a `reStructuredText`_ compatible
    format.

Installation
============

The easiest way to install sphinx-me is directly from `PyPI`_ using
`pip`_ or `setuptools`_ by running the respective command below::

    $ pip install -U sphinx-me

or::

    $ easy_install -U sphinx-me

Otherwise you can download sphinx-me and install it directly
from source::

    $ python setup.py install

Running
=======

sphinx-me will be installed as a system-wide script that can be run from
the command line while in your project's root directory::

    $ sphinx-me

When run in your project's directory, it will create a ``docs`` directory
with two files, the Sphinx ``conf.py`` module, and an ``index.rst`` file
which will include your project's README.

The ``conf.py`` module calls a setup function from sphinx-me that sets up
the minimum required settings for your Sphinx docs.

  * ``project`` - the directory name of your project is used.
  * ``version`` - retrieved from the ``version`` arg of your ``setup.py`` script, or your package's ``__version__`` attribute.
  * ``copyright`` - retrieved from the ``author`` arg of your ``setup.py`` script, or your package's ``__author__`` attribute.

.. _`Read The Docs`: http://readthedocs.org/
.. _`BSD licensed`: http://www.linfo.org/bsdlicense.html
.. _`Sphinx`: http://sphinx.pocoo.org/
.. _`reStructuredText`: http://docutils.sourceforge.net/rst.html
.. _`PyPI`: http://pypi.python.org/
.. _`pip`: http://www.pip-installer.org/
.. _`setuptools`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools
